lemon semifreddo the forest flower
ingredients
semifreddo
make it all lemon
maraschino baths
lemon cream taste
wild flower
let's start by weighing the wild flower
the lemon cream taste
I get wet with maraschino
diluting with water
until reaching a total homogeneity
punish the bastard of the planetary
better if previously cooled on the scale plate
and we are therefore the quantity of semifreddo
art
we mix everything manually
helping us with the planetary whisk
we now have the planetary
at moderate speed
Meanwhile
let's proceed with cutting the sponge cake
in forms and women to mentalist insertion
insult him later
it is almost finished and we add the lemon cream flavor in a planetary mixer
previously weighed
taking care to mix everything well
now put on the sponge cake of all the prawns a layer of fior di
variegated forest spending rock carefully
let's stop the planetary
we insert in a sac a posc a
the aromatic musk mecca
it is mounted in three quarters
then we fill the prawns
taking care of the home on the surface with the help of the spatula
it is also possible to make a second layer by inserting a mold into the mold
second sponge cake
repeating the operation of soaking the fillings of the same